# Helene Rainfall and Damage
## This is a map of rainfall totals and major road damage from Hurricane Helene in Counties of Western North Carolina
# Project Description
## This project contains multiple functions, libraries and data points. Including Font Awesome Icons on each data point of major road damage while inferring home and building damage in surrounding locations of the point. Using GeoJson I was able to pull data from sources and physically type in each data point for both polygons and points to create the county boundaries as well as markers for data. After obtaining my points and polygons, it was time to implement the code. I started by using a sample code from the AirBNB map and then converted it with my data and features. Countless times searching for added code later and we end up with the interactive map we have now. I really wanted to put an emphasis on road damage with the specific icon due to the amount of data and the impact it had on all of us. There were over 1500 individual closures according to the NCDOT. I would have overheated my computer if I chose to implement all 1500. Next was trying to find the right color scheme. I chose blues so that the red icon marker would stand out more and I thought blue would represent rainfall well. After it was just fixing the legend, scale, title, and attribution. Finally after lots of code searching the final map is complete. 
# Libraries and Functions
## Leaflet, JQuery, Font Awesome, NCOneMap, Carto DB, and GeoJson
# Sources/ Data
## The Charlotte Observer, WLOS, WRAL, USA Today, CBS 17, NCDOT, NOAA NHC, and North Carolina Emergency Management.
